The best bridge between despair and hope is a good night's sleep.  
E. Joseph Cossman
The best bridge between despair and hope is a good night's sleep. E. Joseph Cossman
Hope Quotes
I think the best way to get a good night sleep is to work hard throughout the day. If you work hard and, of course, work out. William H. McRaven
Work
In Everything Give Thanks .... For the sweet sleep which comes with night, for the returning morning's light Author Unknown
Thanksgiving Quotes
Day is over, night has come. Today is gone, what's done is done. 
Day is over, night has come. Today is gone, what's done is done. Embrace your dream, through the night, Tomorrow comes with a whole new light. Author Unknown
New Day Quotes
Sweet dreams, good night, may your tomorrow be so bright. Kate Summers
Dream
To all, to each, a fair good-night, and pleasing dreams, and slumbers light. Walter Scott
Quote of The Day
I just want to say, good night, sweet prince, may flights of angels sing thee to thy rest. Harry Dean Stanton
Angel
Goodnight.
Let the stars light the way to where your dreams can be found awaiting 
your arrival.  Anthony T. Hincks Goodnight. Let the stars light the way to where your dreams can be found awaiting your arrival. Anthony T. Hincks
Inspirational Quotes
Good night, good night! Parting is such sweet sorrow, that I shall say good night till it be morrow. William Shakespeare
I will lie down and sleep in peace, for you alone, O LORD, make me dwell in safety. Psalm 4:8 (NIV)
Sleep is the best time to repair, but it's hard to get a good night's rest when we don't dial the inner chatter down. Kris Carr
Good-night is a very simple combination of two simple words and ordinarily, it is very easy to say it. You hear it everywhere, and on the lips of everybody. Shepherdstown, Jefferson County, West Virginia Newspaper, March 2, 1911
Goodnight! and sweetest dreams be thine through all their shining way, till darkness goes, and bird and rose with rapture greet the day. Proctor
Goodnight, goodnight, goodnight, What more is there to say than goodnight? We've had a lot of fun and it's time to toodle-oo. Au revoir, auf wiendersehn and Inka, dinks doo. Goodnight, goodnight, goodnight. Jimmy Durante
Life is full of new beginnings, and a new day tomorrow brings, sleep well.
Life is full of new beginnings, and a new day tomorrow brings, sleep well. everyone
Here is to hoping that angels will guard you while you dream and the gentle breezes of the night will keep you cool. Author Unknown
The day is over, it's time for rest. Sleep well my dear you gave it your best. Tomorrow comes, oh so soon, close your eyes and awake before noon. Catherine Pulsifer
Amazing, another day over. Good night, sleep well and look forward to tomorrow. Author Unknown
Amazing QuotesFor from us the day takes flight, but, like a glowing torch in heaven, to us the grace of God is given: It tends and guards till morning light - Good night! Author Unknown
God's Grace QuotesGood-night, all cares and sorrows! Welcome, my boatlike bed!
None or many my to-morrows, this one night is overhead! Harper's Bazar